# Maintainers' Meeting 2022-05-11

## Meeting Attendees

- Rob Prouse - @rprouse
- Mattias Karlsson - @devlead
- Pascal Berger - @pascalberger
- Michael Hawker - @michael-hawker
- Glenn Watson - @glennawatson
- Rob Mensching
- Chris Martinez
- Simon Cropp

### Virtual Inc Staff Observers

- Tom Pappas
- Madison Hardy
- Nicole Miller

## Recording

- [2022-05-11 Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/Ee3VZmpUU1JHmFN8Hk8wNfoBz69I56Uxgx3WRD_rU-Q_lg)
- [2022-05-11 Meeting Transcript](https://dotnetfoundation-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/rob_prouse_dotnetfoundation_org/EUUXtjOUFEhMsd78MOP7b_8BvRu-OJNSa6X9Y3e_PID2ew?e=Nfxn0Q)

## Agenda

- Changing Meeting Time
- .NET Foundation Website
- Project Committee
- Member Benefits
- Other business

## Notes

### Meeting Times

- Set up a poll in the Slack channel for time alternatives for the meeting. Should we alternate times every other month?
- Rob Prouse suggested rotating the meeting time every other month to allow other regions to participate. The committee supported this idea as it would likely raise participation.

### Projects Committee

- Mattias and Rob to attend the project committee to define boundaries between the committees
- Projects are starting to offboard. Marten was finalized as of April 30; Prism is currently offboarding and is expected to be final by the end of May. At this time, no other project is in the offboarding pipeline.

### Project / Member Benefits

- Sponsorship benefits are ongoing and will be released soon.
- Projects benefits. What benefits can projects use? It would be good if project maintainers could come up with the support they need.
- Trademark search?
- Azure credits
- Technical writers to help with the websites
- A legal FAQ for maintainers, our agreements, infringements, etc.
- There is an ongoing conversation regarding member / project benefits. Tom Pappas is trying to make progress with sponsorship benefits, and asked for input from the committee members.
- Glenn Watson suggested adding a technical writer or a shared writer that can assist projects, standardize websites, and add content.
- Michael Hawker suggested lighlighting the legal feature and making legal support easily accessible for the projects.

### Membership Dues

- Are there any plans for a maintainer's wiki?
- How can we open up membership more widely to students and non-technical people
- We've had designers and writers help out with projects
- Having an active GitHub account may not be a good indicator
- If we have voting members we need to verify they are a real person
- How do other Foundations deal with this
- Apache only accepts nominated members
- Other groups have students and other classes of members
- Can a member projects be sponsors? Needs to scale and be simple.
- Automated ways like verifying PRs, issues, NuGet packages, etc.
- With the automated way of checking members, be useful to see the full applicant details including their response to questions and see something like "ticks/crosses" against the automated metrics. That way for the easy cases a membership committee can just hit the "Approve" button quickly. It won't cover more edge cases but will simplify the easier cases where the applicant has done a lot of open source development.
- There are still concerns about foregoing the membership dues. Although tracking participation within the Foundation has been the leading option, Glenn Watson noted that having an active GitHub account may not be the best metric as it is prohibitive to those who aren't active with code.
- Michael Hawker suggested a nomination process where maintainers and members in good standing could vouch for new members. This would be particularly useful for students. Tom Pappas added that this would be an interesting idea so long as it didn't create a burden for current members.
- Pascal Berger suggested that prospective members could submit a letter of interest. Rob Prouse added that unfortunately, letters of intent can be faked, and this would not prevent bots or fake accounts from gaining access.
- Ultimately, the overall conversation about membership benefits needs to continue. It could be beneficial for the Foundation to reiterate its goals and priorities.

### Other Business

- Sitefinity and American Eagle website transition is signed. New membership website is in the works

## Action Items

- Set up a poll in the Slack channel for time alternatives for the meeting.
- Feed the membership ideas back to to the membership committee

**The meeting adjourned at 5:47 PM ET**
