# Maintainers' Meeting 2022-06-08

## Meeting Attendees

- Rob Prouse - @rprouse
- Mattias Karlsson - @devlead
- Rob Mensching - @robmen

## Recording

 [2022-06-08 Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EUU929evxlFEsyYXDebmWjcBIPu3urtPRW4I2TWPh_3-9w)

### Virtual Inc Staff Observers

- Tom Pappas
- Madison Hardy
- Nicole Miller
- Madison Hardy

## Agenda

- Review Action Items

## Notes

### .NET Foundation - Discussion Points

### From Rob M

- He thinks that this committee is less attended because they are talking about what they should do but not doing it, due to the fact that we’ve been in re-org mode.  (It was also stated that it could be the time difference in Europe and the late meeting time.)
- He’s only on the committee to prevent damage.  Historically there have been issues with this.  He has opinions about messing with the maintainers of the project.
- He hasn’t heard the argument for the outreach for .NET Foundation as opposed to Microsoft developer outreach.
- Since the copyright is owned by the .net foundation, if it fails, he has big problems.
- He was happy to see the DNF Summit, and he supports anything that makes maintainers lives better.
- He wants to get crystal clear on the goals/purpose of the .NET Foundation.  He can point to concrete things like the summit and legal things, co-signing, etc.  Where it goes from there, he is uncertain.
- The Foundation has re-started a couple of times, and here we are again, so as a maintainer who's been in since the beginning and there’s been a long history of these things.  He’s happy to see people more focused on the Foundation and not as a side to their job.  If you get skepticism, that’s where it’s coming from.  He’s here to make sure you get the feedback and know the history.
- He also said that some people felt that they couldn’t get out, so the offboarding process was very good.
- In the past, a set of guidelines was presented that everyone was expected to follow, but they were never presented beforehand and it was a surprise to everyone.

### From Tom

- We need to get to the point where this working group isn’t just feeding ideas to the board and bringing ideas from the Board to the maintainers.
- He takes a more thoughtful approach before making any decisions, getting board and committee input.
- The mission of the organization is to steward the ecosystem and help benefit the projects and the maintainers.
- Tom said we are working on things and will be doing things in a systematic order and he is working on the funding aspects – corporate sponsors and funders – to turn this around and start delivering on the project benefits.
- Then we can work on the goals to see where we’re going to go in the future.
- We want all the feedback we can get because you are all out there in the ecosystem.  That’s why we have this open forum so people can come and talk to us.
- Anything that anyone can add about history is appreciated so that the same mistakes aren’t made.

### Education Update

- Nicole stated that the Education Comm is looking at getting people into open source (a student) and match them with people who have a project that can become their maintainer.  The Foundation intends to make this quarterly.

## Action Items

- Changing Meeting Time – might make this meeting once a month
- Rob Prouse to move the Meeting Change survey to Discord from Slack for those people using Discord
- Move from Discord to Slack but Tom will circle back with Jon Galloway
- After July 1 all committee members start a review of the project benefits - [Project Benefits](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19F-3rLoyyOOdieANT2ZW7x6Pu297AJ-1uEbcv4wAjlQ/edit)