# Maintainers' Meeting 2022-03-09

## Meeting Attendees

- Rob Prouse - @rprouse
- Mattias Karlsson - @devlead
- Daniel Valadas - @valadas
- Dylan Perks - @Perksey
- Glenn Watson - @glennawatson
- Halil Ä°brahim Kalkan @hikalkan
- James Turner - @Turnerj
- Michael Hawker - @michael-hawker
- Nils Andresen - @nils-a
- Pascal Berger - @pascalberger
- Robin Krom - @Lakritzator

## Recording

[2022-03-09 Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/rob_prouse_dotnetfoundation_org/EYdWzSDu0qVPkN8vPRw6Ux8BuF8SMfimpSpWlCwCVxa3QA?e=KFvGBC)

### Virtual Inc Staff Observers

- Tom Pappas
- Nicole Miller

## Slides

## Agenda

- Review previous [meeting minutes](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-maintainers/blob/main/Meetings/2022-02-16-meeting-minutes.md)
- Briefly discuss ()[https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-maintainers/issues/48]
- Talk about how we can provide better guidance to maintainers from this thread as well: [Centralised information for .NET Foundation operation](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/Home/discussions/61)
- Discuss #55 and #56
- Other business

## Notes

- Reviewed previous meeting minutes
- Process for leaving the foundation
  - Board has voted to approve the process to leave the Foundation
  - Tom Pappas met with the lawyers to review the process and to review the agreements that we will use going forward. Tom also spoke to the lawyers about making the joining process clearer as well right
  - We should put forward an FAQ for each agreement for joining the foundation
  - Project committee will then review, then go to the Executive Committee an the Board
  - Hoping to start July 1 with the new agreements and a clearer process for projects joining the foundation.
- Want to have a joint meeting of the maintainers and project committees to help define our roles.
- Project benefits PR, is being worked on and moving forward
- Tom Pappas took the role of Executing Director Feb 1, will be announced in the next newsletter
- Brief discussion about the probationary committee membership. It was mentioned that no social media information would be exposed until active participants in the DNF maintainers committee.
- Talk about how we can provide better guidance to maintainers from this thread as well: [Centralised information for .NET Foundation operation](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/Home/discussions/61)
  - We are starting to work on this from the board
  - Tom Pappas wants to inventory the requests so that we can show sponsors what the Foundation does for projects
  - [List of Topics)[https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/Home/discussions/61#discussioncomment-2085200] by @michael-hawker
  - A very locatable location for this information would be good too. Eg, one problem with the DNF traditionally is just so hard to find any information
  - Proposed a management repo to gather the information in a single location.
  - Michael Hawker, A GitHub repo dedicated to a wiki could be a good implementation (and provide tracking for documenting individual questions/topics/processes). It could be auto-mirrored, so it could be centralized on the dotnet-foundation/Home repo as the 'Wiki' tab for instance. Example, we have our Wiki here on our main repo: [CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit Wiki](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/wiki) But it's auto-pushed and updated from this [dedicated repo](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit-wiki).
- DNF Account and CoC
  - The CoC issue was a bug and unintentional
  - Will reinstate all banned members
  - Bans will be per org
  - Email that was sent out announcing organization wide bans was confusing. Need to make it clearer and possibly add an FAQ.
  - Ban list could be considered a shame list, possibly has privacy laws implications if shared amongst all member projects that would need to be explored.
  - Attempting to remove all requirements for the dnfadmin account and switch to GitHub Actions, the dnfadmin account would be reserved only for "break glass" scenarios.
  - Exclusions for the CLA bots are difficult. An action that could be configured would be better.
  - A suite of GitHub Actions published by the Foundation would be good.
  - Dnfadmin account is currently only used for the CLA and CoC. CoC will be changed.
- Other business
  - Was there clarification on getting resources from the foundation? We are reviewing the benefits that we currently provide. Most is on a per case basis, that needs to change.
  - Getting a legal agreement with the old maintainers that transfers ownership. We discussed at the board and will look at this once the current agreements are reviewed.

## Action Items

- Want to get started on documenting services the foundation provides. Nicole will create a Wiki on the Home repo. Michael Hawker and Dylan Perks will help.
- Who is going to start offboarding the projects that want to leave?