# Maintainers' Meeting 2023-01-11

## Meeting Attendees

- Rob Prouse - @rprouse
- Mattias Karlsson - @devlead
- David Onoh
- Michael Hawker - @michael-hawker
- Tanner Gooding - @tannergooding

## Recording

[2023-01-11 Meeting Recording](https://virtualinc-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/p/sramsey/EcmXx8sv2opDreL3OdED3QgBURhSWbs6KURjgBRpPSgfbQ)

### Virtual Inc Staff Observers

- Nicole Miller
- Stacey Ramsey

## Agenda

- Migrate from LastPass
- Other business

## Notes

- Still waiting for information on the code signing service
- Also waiting for more information on the CLA bot migration
- We are migrating from LastPass. We are investigating 1Password and BitWarden.
  - 1Password has free opensource licenses available for projects
  - Tanner has used Bitwarden for his personal passwords
  - Bitwarden has an enterprise option but Tanner has not used it
  - Confidence in LastPass is not high at the moment
- Want to define roles and responsibilities after projects are onboarded and who takes care of it
- Documentation of these processes are important
- Clangsharp and LLVMSharp were fully assigned over to the Foundation. Their copyright notice is clearly to the Foundation. Other projects' copyright is held by the original project. Do we need a different CLA that accounts for that difference in agreements? This question was raised to Chris. Has it been raised further?
- Is there progress on removing Chris as the onboarder of projects. He is working on clarifying the process and knowing where he can escalate issues to.

## Action Items

- Bring questions about the CLA bot agreement to the board
